In the previous video, we already
learn the basic of paramiko.
So now we are able to do a simple
network automation using paramiko.
Next in this video, we are going
to learn more about time sleep.
As I said in the previous video, that the function
of time sleep is to stop the script for 1 second.
We need to stop the script for a second to
wait the cisco command is executed correctly.
Now let’s try to remove the time sleep.
Let’s put hash here. Remember that hash means
comment. So this script is not used anymore.
And then we will create loopback1, the
ip address let’s say 10.1.1.2, save.
Now let’s run the script again,
python paramiko_basic.py.
We will remote router 1, username
cisco, and the password is also cisco.
Here we can see that the cisco command is
not send correctly, we only get a hash here.
Let’s check in the router, here we can
see configure from console by cisco.
So actually the python is already login to the
router. But the command is not send correctly.
Let’s see the interface,
do show ip interface brief,
here we can see that we don’t have loopback1 yet.
Now let’s put the time sleep again.
Run the script again, let’s clear this
first, and then python paramiko_basic.py,
let’s remote router 1, username is
cisco and the password is also cisco.
Here we can see that we are
success login to 10.10.10.1,
which is router 1, and we also
success to send the cisco command,
configure terminal, interface loopack1,
and the ip address is 10.1.1.2,
Let’s check on router 1, do
show ip interface brief,
here we can see that we have loopback1,
and the ip address is 10.1.1.2,
Okay I hope you understand
the function of time sleep,
I think enough for this video
Thank you for watching and see you on the next video.